Section 1: Demographs (3 questions)

1. Age
18-24
25-35
36-45
46-55
56-65
66+

2. Gender
Male
Female
Prefer not to say
Non-binary/other

3. Do you own a vehicle with internet connectivity (e.g. GPS, in-car apps, or smart features)?
Yes
No
Not sure

Section 2: Awareness of VANETs and Location-Based services (4 questions)

1.  How familiar are you with the concept of connected vehicles or VANETs (Vehicular Ad Hoc Networks)?
Very familiar
Somewhat familiar
Not familiar at all

2.  Do you use location-based services (LBS) in your vehicle (e.g. GPS navigation, traffic updates, parking apps, etc)?
Yes
No
Not sure

3. How often do you use location-based services whilst driving?
Always
Frequently
Occasionally
Rarely
Never

4.  Are you aware that your vehicle’s location data may be shared with third parties (e.g. navigation services, insurance companies, etc)?
Yes, and I'm worried about it
Yes, but I'm not worried about it
No, I was not aware

Section 3: Privacy Concerns (4 questions)

1. How concerned are you about the privacy of your location data when using location-based services in your vehicle?  
Extremely concerned
Somewhat concerned
Neutral
Not that concerned
Not concerned at all

2. Which of the following aspects of location data privacy concern you the most? (Select all that apply)  
My location being tracked in real-time
Location data being sold to third-parties
Unauthorised access to my location data (i.e being hacked)
My location data being used for targeted adverts or services
No concerns

3. Have you ever disabled or avoided using location-based services in your vehicle due to privacy concerns?  
Yes
No
I don't use location-based services

4. In your opinion, who should be most responsible for protecting your location privacy in location-based services?  
The vehicle manufacturer
The app or service provider
Government regulatory bodies
The user (I should manage my own privacy settings)

Section 4: Privacy-Preserving mechanisms (3 questions)

1. Would you be more comfortable using location-based services if they used privacy-preserving technologies such as anonymisation or encryption of your data?
I would feel much more comfortable
I would feel somewhat more comfortable
It would not matter to me

2.  How important do you think it is to have privacy-preserving options (e.g. opting out of location sharing) in your vehicle's location-based services?
Extremely important
Very important
Somewhat important
Not important

3. Would you stop using location-based services in your vehicle if you knew that your location data was being used for purposes other than navigation (e.g. for advertising or sharing with third parties)?  
Yes
No
